In the last month, I've gained over
38,000 followers on YouTube, 50,000
followers on Instagram, and 11,000
followers on Tik Tok. And that is in
huge part due to my Claude Code content
system. And today, I'm going to break it
all down. The custom skills I've built,
my daily workflow, and show you how I've
used Claude Code to automate my entire
content system so you can too. So, what
we're looking at here is the seven cloud
code skills that are the backbone of my
content system. And they have driven 10
million views over the last month as a
oneman team. No editors, no VAS,
nothing. Now, those 10 million views are
across 90 pieces of content over 30
days. Of those 90, 30 are long form
videos. It's essentially been a long
form YouTube video every day in March.
And 60 short form. So, those are shorts,
reals, Tik Toks, all of that. And the
real number you should be focusing on
isn't the followers I said in the intro
or even the 10 million views. It's the
90 videos. 90 videos in one day for one
person. Like not to toot my own horn,
but is a pretty impressive amount of
volume. And the only way I was able to
do that was with a sustainable
sustainable repeatable system. And
that's what we're going to go over here
today. Because again, I'm doing this as
one person, but I'm not locked to the
computer 12 16 hours a day, right? The
only way I can maintain this is again if
it's sustainable, if this is something
that makes sense. Furthermore, when it
came to those 10 million views, there
wasn't a single piece of content that
got over 400,000 views. So, this isn't a
situation where also the 10 million
number came from like two viral hits and
the rest were just duds, right? This was
a win with like 90 jabs and no
haymakers. So, I think that's also good
to know. Like, we aren't trying to just
create some random lucky viral hit. This
is small consistent wins that I think
anyone can repeat. So how are we able to
do this? How are we able to use cloud
code to create the sort of sustainable
system that does create content people
actually want to consume? Well, first we
need to understand the content creation
process as a whole. Then we need to
break down that process into individual
parts and then assign specific cloud
code automations and skills to those
parts. Right? That's how we methodically
break this down. And I would break the
content process into four real phases.
The first is research. The second is
ideiation. Third is scripting and the
fourth is distribution. And it is from
these four phases that we pull out
different cla code skills. And some of
these phases have multiple skills
because there's a lot going on. Take
scripting for example, right? That's
going to encompass hooks. That's going
to encompass the actual script, the
outline of the video, as well as some
packaging stuff like titles and
thumbnails. But let's start with the
first two phases. research and ideation
because I think it's important to talk
about both of them in parallel because
it's very much a cycle right you
research some stuff you come up with
ideas from your ideas you need more
research and then often times from that
research you come up with more ideas so
one and two are very closely tied now
the big skill for me is my YouTube
pipeline skill and this brings in
notebook LM now every single skill you
see here today as well as the Twitter
research engine I'm going to show you
and my GitHub script can be found inside
of Chase AI plus. A link to that is in
the comments. Chase AI Plus is also home
to my Claude Code Masterass, which is
the number one place to go from zero to
AI dev. This gets updated every single
week. So, if you're trying to figure out
how can I actually master cloud code and
have like an actual pathway forward,
well, definitely check us out. Again,
links in the comments. Now, back to the
YouTube pipeline skill, which I think is
the most powerful out of all seven of
these skills. Well, that notebook LM PI
skill allows us to bring the power of
notebook LM into cloud code. So, I can
give Notebook LM whatever I want,
whether that's like YouTube URLs, PDFs,
documents, anything I could do in the
normal Notebook LM, you know, web app,
but I can do it through my terminal. And
this is great because Notebook LM is
really good at handling some of this
content that can be kind of a pain with
cloud code, namely things like YouTube
videos. And all this is offloaded onto
Google servers, right? We're not using
cloud code tokens to do the analysis.
We're having Notebook LM and Gemini do
it for us and then we just bring it back
and I get access to all the Notebook LM
deliverables, right? Videos, slide
decks, images, anything I can do here, I
can do via the terminal now. And that
skill uses the notebook LM PI CLI tool
to create that bridge between cloud code
and notebook LM. Now, this repo includes
its own skill. So, the YouTube pipeline
research is essentially a skill that
calls additional skills. It's a higher
order skill. And so what the YouTube
pipeline skill does is it takes the
notebook LMPI CLI tool and skill and
essentially automates the sourcing of
it. So it grabs a bunch of YouTube URLs
based on your conversation and includes
the analysis part. So it uses this as
the bridge and then automatically
sources and then automatically analyzes
all in one command. But using this skill
implies you already have a source of
information, right? you've already
figured out what you want to talk about
or what you want to do analysis on.
Which begs the question, how do we even
figure out what to talk about in the
first place? How does cloud code help us
there? And that kind of goes beyond what
you see in the skill breakdown, right?
What we need to figure out is like step
zero. You know, we got to figure out
what is the fountain head of knowledge
for your particular niche. For tech,
it's pretty obvious, right? For all this
AI stuff, everything kind of comes from
a few places. either comes directly from
GitHub repos or it spawns on Twitter,
right? And then eventually it makes its
way to YouTube. Every once in a while
something will like originate on
YouTube, but it's usually Twitter and
GitHub, right? From there it goes to
YouTube. From YouTube it gets spread
out. So we need to figure out what your
fountain head of knowledge is because if
it's not tech and it's not AI, you need
to understand like where does the
information originate so you can kind of
be first on the ground to talk about it.
And so in my case, since we're saying,
hey, it's coming from GitHub or it's
coming from Twitter, how do I use Cloud
Code to help there? Well, when it comes
to Twitter, I just had Cloud Code build
me a Twitter scraping web app. So,
that's what you see here. It goes to
Telegram and every 30 to 45 minutes, I
get some sort of tweet based on a number
of keywords and a number of authors that
pops up and says, "Hey, here's what
they're talking about. Here's the likes.
Here's like a velocity score." And it
also allows me to reply to them if I
want because I also hooked up my Twitter
API. And here's sort of the breakdown of
how this web app works. Again, it was
pretty easy to create inside of Cloud
Code. Yet, it's relatively sophisticated
and it's very customizable. So, every 45
minutes or so, it's kind of on a
randomized timer. It scrapes 40 to 90
tweets. It uses an appi tweet scraper
that's pretty cheap. And then it filters
it and scores the tweets it finds based
on a number of scoring signals. So, it
looks at velocity, authority, timing,
opportunity, and replyability because I
have the ability to, like I said, to
reply to these tweets if I want to. All
the tweets it gets gets sent to
Superbase. So, to make sure I'm not
always getting the same tweet from the
same person and that it also kind of
just like diversifies it a bit. From
there, it scores them and then it
chooses them based on the score. It uses
soft max. So, it applies a probability
score to each so I don't always get the
number one score each time. Again, we
want some randomization there. From
there, it gets pushed to Telegram. And
it also has the ability to give me
potential replies. So I have Grock tied
to that. Now if you've been on Twitter
for any amount of time at all, you know
it is absolutely plagued with AI bots
posting there. So all of the replies do
go to Superbase and essentially get
scored and that way I have insight into
the kind of responses I'm giving it
because I also can do custom responses
and over time it kind of becomes a
system that improves upon itself. And
then lastly it shows up in Telegram.
Now, let's talk about fountain head
number two, which is trending GitHub
repos. Yes, there's a trending page on
GitHub, but why can't I just get this
information automatically along with
some nice insights as to the velocity of
these trends, right? How many stars have
they gotten since they first got
created? And also, can I have it
filtered, right? I just kind of want to
see AI stuff. Well, Cloudco did all that
for me. It created a script that runs
every single morning that brings me the
GitHub trending repos in the AI space
and it puts it inside of my Obsidian
vault. So what I'm able to see is the
top 10 trending repos that were created
in the last seven days every day. I see
the stars, the language, I get a link
and I get a quick description. On top of
that, I also can see the top five
trending for that month. And then it
gives me, you know, its suggestion each
day and why. And so between this GitHub
script Cloud Code created and this
Twitter engine, I'm able to solve for
this step zero problem, which is like
how do we even find things to talk about
in the first place that aren't just a
repeat of, you know, what's been on
YouTube for the last week, right? We
need stuff that is new and this allows
us to do it. And again, the nice thing
with cloud code is you don't have to use
GitHub, you don't have to use Twitter,
you just need to identify what those are
for you and your niche, then have cloud
code build them. Because once you do
have that, right, the step zero of like
the fountain head, then you can plug
into here in this whole skill breakdown
setup, right? Then once I have the idea
I found on GitHub or the idea I see
someone talking about on Twitter, then I
can throw the YouTube pipeline search at
it, right? This is called YT pipeline,
but it doesn't have to be YouTube,
right? This can be whatever it is. And
then that does the analysis on notebook
LM. And like you saw with GitHub, this
is also all being done inside my
Obsidian Vault. So yes, I'm going to
have my terminal up with Cloud Code
talking to it, but everything Cloud Code
creates is in a markdown file inside of
my vault. So it's very easy for me to
see what's going on as well and to take
a look at reports and see connected
articles, right? Just gives me better
insight and keeps it all organized,
right? Because especially if you're
doing content like if you're doing this
every day doing multiple types of
research this if this is just in like a
codebase and you don't have any like
obsidian in there it can kind of get
away from you as the human like cloud
code can handle it fine but you you'll
struggle. So we understand where to find
ideas at the ground level and we just
kind of talked about the YT pipeline
skill how we can point it at those ideas
we found somewhere send it to notebook
LM and have it it do a bunch of research
and analysis. Next becomes kind of like
ideiation and strategy. And so this is
taking that research and then figuring
out how can we position the these ideas
with desire mapping. How can we take
these ideas and actually turn it into
content that someone would actually care
about at a high level. And so what
ideiation is going to do is it's not
going to redo the research, but it's
going to take a look at the research in
terms of the competitive landscape and
like what are other people saying about
this? What are the gaps? what are
potential things that no one's talked
about that might resonate with an
audience. Right? So, this is taking the
research out of a vacuum and then
placing it again in the competitive
landscape you inhabit. So, let's take a
look at this one in action. So, I've
been doing some research on rag and
cloud code, planning on putting on some
content that's like the seven levels of
cloud code and rag because it's a space
that actually has been changing a lot
over the last really year. So, we're
doing we're invoking the ideation skill.
take a look at our recent Rag and Claude
Code research and come back with sort of
the the landscape. So here's what Claude
Code came back with. Again, it's pulling
from research we've already done. So
first thing it gives us is the
competitive landscape, saturated angles,
open gaps, and then performance
outliers, right? What have other people
talked about that kind of like went
nuts? After it gives us that context, it
goes into video ideas, right? Titles,
angles, the kind of desire we're
hitting, then the formats and
competitive gaps. And it does this for a
ton of different videos, right? And all
it gave us nine different options and
then it ranks them. And I think what you
see here is important because it's
repeated throughout all of these skills
in the system I use. When we talk about
using cloud code and the automation,
like what we're really talking about is
turning cloud code into a collaborator,
right? At every step of this journey, I
want to have some sort of input, right?
I don't want Claude code to
automatically go to GitHub and then I
don't even see it and then at the end it
just gives me, hey, here's the full
script you're going to do today. By the
way, I created the thumbnail and I
created the title and everything's ready
to go. You just need to say these words.
You don't want that because it's going
to be terrible. Okay? If you're doing
anything with AI that has any creative
bent whatsoever,
you need to stay in the driver's seat.
Now, obviously throughout all of this,
cloud code is doing a ton for us, but
it's doing analysis and it's coming up
with potential plans and potential
ideas. You still need to be there along
the way to like check it off and say,
"Hey, I don't like this. I don't like
that."
That's how you can actually get a good
output at the end. And that's how you
can maintain your voice. Because no
matter how well you train this thing, if
you expect it to go from step zero to
the full script, and at no point in
between were you there to be like,
"Let's do this idea, let's change that,
let's change that." It's going to be
generic and it's going to suck. But the
nice thing about this is, hey, if you
did want to automate it like that, you
can. But every step of this journey,
right, the expectation is that you take
a look at the outputs of cloud code
before you move on to the next phase.
And what it's really doing, what this is
really buying you is all the leg work to
do this sort of analysis from scratch.
And seeing stuff like this and seeing
its ideas helps you refine what you
think you'll go with. because I would
say nine times out of 10 I end up doing
some variant of what it gives me. I
don't usually do the exact thing, right?
Because we always have something
different we want to kind of put in
there. But that's it for the ideation
section, right? So we did step zero,
found the knowledge. We did step one, we
did some research with pipeline and we
brought in notebook LM. We've completed
ideiation. You know, we kind of
understand where this potential content
idea is within the context of what
everyone else is doing. And of course,
all this is being done inside of
Obsidian inside of our vault. And if the
Obsidian stuff is kind of going over
your head, I'll put a link above um a
video I did where I deep dive on sort of
Obsidian and Notebook LM. And that
brings us into phase three, which is the
scripting section. Now, when it comes to
scripting, I will say for myself, I'm
not a huge script guy. I will script the
hook, like the first 30 seconds. So,
what you saw in the intro of this video
where I was like, "Yeah, 38,000
followers and 11,000 people on TikTok,
that was scripted, right? I went back
and forth with Claude Code quite a bit
using this hook skill and figured out,
okay, what exactly I'm going am I going
to say?" Because when it comes to
content, social media, the hook is very,
very important. Packaging is very, very
important. So, I want to nail that and
it's only 20 seconds. But everything
else, it's outlines, it's concepts, it's
bullet points. I kind of know what I'm
going to talk about, but not really.
We're just going to do it live. So,
the outline skill that I give you,
again, it's just like that. It's big
picture stuff, although the hook really
nails it. And the hook stuff comes in
large part from Callaway. I take a lot
of his his ideas. Shout out to all of
his content. His stuff is brilliant. So,
I essentially did this whole setup on a
bunch of Callaway's videos and then
incorporated that into how I have Cloud
Coco approach hooks and outlines and
titles and that sort of thing. But,
let's see this in action. and we're
going to run the hook skill, the outline
skill, and the YouTube title skill on
this potential Claude code rag video and
see what it comes back with. So, I told
it, let's use your recommendation. Its
recommendation was a context engineering
type bent and said, "Hey, let's run the
hooks outline and YouTube's title skill
on it." So, here's what it brought us
for the hook section, five variations,
and then for each hook, it breaks it
down into a spoken hook, a visual hook,
as well as a potential text overlay if
we want to add that as well. Now, the
text overlays specifically are more for
short form type stuff. So this isn't
something I would implement with the
long form hooks. Then it moved to the
outline. It includes the target length,
some of the related documents that are
also in our obsidian bolt that we may
want to reference. And then it has the
hook and then again outline is just the
section. So like general idea, you know,
the core idea, context engineering is
this. We're going to explain what
context engineering is. As well as the
talking points. It also includes
potential visual aid. So hey, if I
wanted to add some sort of excaladraw
diagram, here's what you could do. And
then some of the source material if I
wanted to reference that on screen as
well. And it just repeats that for every
single section. And then lastly, it
moves into title options. And the nice
thing with the title skills, it's not
looking at it in a vacuum. It actually
looks at all your previously performing
titles to get a sense of like, okay,
what's actually working for this guy?
And then it breaks them down into tiers.
So, first tier, context engineering,
just made prompt engineering obsolete.
And then it tells you, hey, here's what
I'm basing it on, right? Here's like the
previous video that did X amount of
views. This is why I think this title
would work. And it does this for all of
these. Tier two titles are calculated
risk. So these are a little out there,
which is nice to know because chances
are you're going to do some like ABC
testing. So every once in a while it's
worth throwing something crazy out there
instead of doing like three tier one
titles that are all kind of sy. And then
it follows it up with thumbnail text
options. And again, kind of the same
system here. And so between these three
skills, hooks, outlines, and titles, we
pretty much have like 90% of our video
mapped out, right? The packaging is
almost there in terms of the title and
the hook and what's going to be on the
thumbnail. And then the video outline
essentially carries the actual content.
The only thing that's not in here
obviously is something related to
building the thumbnail itself, but
that's a personal preference. I really
don't think AI is great at thumbnail
creation in a vacuum. It's one thing if
I show up with a specific idea, but it's
so visual and it's so subjective. That's
something I do purely manually. And once
you're in this place and you're happy
with how this was all created, now it's
time to actually film the content,
right? And that's purely manual. Like,
I'm not someone who does AI avatars or
anything like that. I don't really think
it's worth it in 99% of cases. So,
there's no real claude code automation
for the actual creation portion of this.
And so, that moves us into phase number
four, which is distribution, right? And
distribution has a few layers to it.
Now, there's the most obvious form of
distribution, which is like, hey, we
want to post this video to something
like YouTube or Instagram or Tik Tok.
very easy to create something like that
inside of cloud code like an automatic
distribution system. You can tie it to a
particular folder inside of your Google
Drive and create an automation that like
on a trigger when something gets added
it does that. To be totally honest, I
use Cap Cut for my video editing and so
like posting it to YouTube from there or
posting it from Tik Tok there is very
easy and I honestly just manually post
it to Instagram. Is that the most
efficient thing in the world? No. But it
works for me cuz it takes 2 seconds and
I'm fine with that. Especially since I
do for Instagram trial reels and trying
to automate that portion of it is
annoying. I don't even think it's
possible or at least it wasn't when I
last tried. So for me when it comes to
distribution, I'm thinking more of
repurposing. Repurposing in terms of
taking a video from say YouTube and
turning that into text content on my
website as a blog and then text content
on LinkedIn and Twitter and short form
repurposing. Right? If I have a long
form piece of content, how can I turn
that into short form? And I'm not
talking about just clipping it. I'm
talking about, okay, how do we distill
30, 40 minutes of me talking to someone
on YouTube into a 30 second, 60c, 90
second clip on shorts or Instagram or
Tik Tok, right? So these two skills, my
content cascade and my short form skill
do this. Now, the content cascade is all
about that video to text distribution,
right? I'm taking a YouTube video, I'm
turning into LinkedIn. Again, like all
skills, this is very, very customizable.
You may not have some sort of like
YouTube content fountain head, right?
You could switch that up for anything,
though. You could point this skill at
just an article or someone else's
YouTube video, something you want to
talk about in a text format, and this
will take that and turn it into a blog,
Twitter, and LinkedIn, right? Obviously,
this skill in particular is tuned to my
voice, but it's not too hard to change
that, especially if you use something
like the skilled creator skill, which
will run tests on it. So, when I run the
content cascade skill, it automatically
grabs the transcript from YouTube, turns
it into a blog post, automatically posts
that, turns it into a Twitter thread
with like seven different replies.
Again, automatically posts that once I
approve it, and then gives me a few
variation of LinkedIn post. Now, I'll be
first to say I'm kind of lazy when it
comes to LinkedIn, but I don't automate
the LinkedIn post because I use
something like Lead Shark. Well, I do
use Lead Shark to kind of have the whole
uh lead magnet thing set up with that.
So, this does a great job of doing that
because again, there's so many
platforms,
there's so many social media platforms,
it's not realistic to be like, "All
right, now I'm going to like take this
content and write, you know, these posts
on my own." You know, I know myself. I'm
more of a video content guy. So, any way
I can automate the text side of it is
great. And here on my website, I'm in
the blog section, and you can see it
automatically obviously creates the
entire blog, but it also embeds the
YouTube video, has a bunch of SEO stuff.
It's SEO um like forward. So the whole
idea is this blog is less about, oh,
these articles are so good on my blog
and more that like as my content
repository continues to grow, so does
the blog. So does my visibility on
things like Google search, right?
Everything just ties into everything
because I sure as hell am not writing
those blogs on my own. Although I did
give it a ton of my own writing so it
could see how I wrote, right? It stays
away from things like the chat GBT isms,
right? It's not X, it's Y, right? So
part of this skill, it takes a look at
all the AI writing tropes and avoids
them. And then last but not least is
short form repurposing. Now the short
form repurposing is pretty basic.
Essentially it's redoing all this stuff
like the hooks, the outlines, right? And
then it's just putting, you know, that
into a 30, 60, 90 second format, right?
It's giving you hooks to use. It's
giving you potential captions in terms
of like what pops up on the screen at
the beginning. So, this is just a
condensed form of what we've already
done. And because my short form is
already being pointed at a long form
video, all the work's kind of already
done, right? It's just cutting a ton of
the fat. But what that allows me to do
is, you know, essentially take what I
create on YouTube, and this just becomes
like this monster that I can post a blog
on my website, I can post on Twitter, I
can post on LinkedIn, it becomes a
short, it becomes an Instagram reel, and
it becomes a Tik Tok. Right?
six platforms, six different pieces of
content from one main thing I've created
on YouTube, right? That's where sort of
the content cascade name comes from. And
that's the beauty of this system because
it doesn't just end at a YouTube video.
The YouTube video itself becomes its
own, right? Little fountain head of
knowledge that we talked about before,
but it's for you. So, that is my Claude
Code content system. It is essentially
my collaborator on steroids. Like I've
said before, every step of this process,
like I'm going back and forth with
Claude. I am not expecting it to give me
a perfect product at the end. But I
offload so much leg work to it. All the
analysis, all the competitive research,
all like the hooks, all the baseline
ideation, like it does all that and it
lets me kind of focus on the high lever
things. Furthermore, once I create a
piece of content, it gives me a very
simple to ex execute path towards
distributing it in different forms on
multiple platforms, right? which is what
leads to something like a 10 million
month as a single person without any
quote unquote viral posts. So if you
want to get your hands on all the exact
skills, the Twitter research engine, the
GitHub script, and the Cloud Code
Masterass, make sure to check out Chase
AI Plus. Again, there's a link to that
in the description uh in the comments.
There's also a link to my free Chase
community in the description if you want
a bunch of free resources just getting
started with AI. But other than that,
let me know what you thought and I'll
see you